{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Updates to the Switch By the Hour: (Some Sooner)\
\
January 12th, 2017\
\
9:45 am\
Spencer told me about the Nintendo Direct that was going to be released later tonight.\
\
10:30 am\
Talked to Daniel about the Switch.  Sounds like he\'92s bailing on buying it.\
\
1:30 pm\
Marty Scolded us.  I was thinking about putting Cotton on the Switch.\
\
4:00 pm\
Tyson is making Corn Dogs, Guess I\'92ll go tell him about the Switch\
\
4:51 pm\
GameStop called me and told me that the Switch was going to be available for Pre-Order tomorrow at 10:00 am.\
\
5:00 pm\
Told Tyson about what GameStop told me.  I\'92m gonna need a 50 Dollar Loan in order to afford this silly systems Pre-Order Cost.\
\
7:00 pm\
I Decided to wait for the Nintendo Direct to happen.  I\'92m getting pretty psyched about this.\
\
7:30 pm\
Tyson went to bed.  He\'92s not going to stay up with me to watch the Announcement.\
\
8:00 pm\
The Switch Presentation has Begun\
\
8:10 pm\
The Joy-Con\'92s were introduced to us.\
\
8:20 pm\
The Presentation is about to announce the Games that will be coming out\
\
8:25 pm\
1-2-Switch and Arms are the first two games to be announced.  I wasn\'92t terribly impressed.\
\
8:30 pm\
Super Mario Odyssey was announced along side Splatoon 2.  I guess those look good.\
\
8:40 pm\
Skyrim was Confirmed along side some games by Square Enix.  I guess them and Nintendo are on Relatively good terms again.\
\
8:50 pm\
R\'e9gi and Miyamoto are in New York playing the New Zelda Game.\
\
8:55 pm\
They released the New Trailer for the Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.   It looks good\
\
9:00 pm\
The Nintendo Direct is over.  Zelda comes out March 3rd with the Switch. \
\
10:00 pm\
I\'92m Still up thinking about this thing.  Will I still go through with it?  It\'92s a lot of Money\'85\
\
10:30 pm\
I think I fell asleep or something\
\
January 13th, 2017\
\
7:00\
My first Alarm went off reminding me of the Gamestop Release.  But I didn\'92t wake up.\
\
8:30 pm\
Reading with My Family.  I\'92m still feeling Indecisive about this whole thing.\
\
9:15\
Finally decided to go.  Still uneasy.  Tyson is coming with me to do the whole thing.  \
\
9:30\
There is quite the Line out here waiting for the Pre-Order Release\
\
10:00\
GameStop finally opened their doors.  Now we don\'92t have to wait out in the Cold\
\
10:39\
Tyson had to leave. To Go to work.  I\'92m still 3 people away from the front of the Line.\
\
10:48\
Well I did.  I purchased the Switch Pre-Order Alongside the Legend of Zelda: Breath of The Wild Deluxe Set.  It comes with a Case, Music, Strange Metal Coin, and some kind of Map.  Looks nice.  I order the Black Switch Version.\
\
}